bpo-41147 Document that redirect_stdout provides the new stream as context var (#21199)
python/cpython: Doc/library/contextlib.rst

   For example, the output of :func:`help` normally is sent to *sys.stdout*.
   You can capture that output in a string by redirecting the output to an
   :class:`io.StringIO` object. For convenience, the new stream is available

>    as the context variable::

Author: Is "context variable" the right term for this?

Reviewer: That's a confusing term because Python has a [contextvars](https://docs.python.org/3/library/contextvars.html) module, which is about something else. I'm not sure there's an established term for the return value of `__enter__`; https://docs.python.org/3/reference/compound_stmts.html#with just talks about the "target".

Author: 67c22ce24e re-words this. It's a touch verbose now, but definitely clearer.

   For example, the output of :func:`help` normally is sent to *sys.stdout*.
   You can capture that output in a string by redirecting the output to an

>    :class:`io.StringIO` object. For convenience, the new stream is returned

Reviewer 2: It's not necessarily a *new* stream.

Author: Hrm, I was meaning new in the sense of now being the one used for `stdout`. Perhaps "replacement" would be clearer?

Author: Sorry I missed your reaction earlier in the year. I've now made this change (in 14d7692706f7e98cd9f3dfdfa60ab329f6892886).

>    :class:`io.StringIO` object. For convenience, the new stream is returned

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :class:`io.StringIO` object. The replacement stream is returned
```

   from the ``__enter__`` method and so is available as the target of the

>    :keyword:`with` statementt::

Reviewer: small typo: "statementt"

Author: D'oh, thanks. 40dcc501e37c9c62a8de0575265781d8c0f082af fixes that.

   You can capture that output in a string by redirecting the output to an
   :class:`io.StringIO` object::

>         with redirect_stdout(io.StringIO()) as f:

Author: Is just updating the example like this sufficient, or should we also explicitly mention this in the body of the text describing the behaviour?

Reviewer: I think it should be explicit. `f` could also plausibly be the previous target of `sys.stdout`, so we should make clear what it is.

Author: 31063a4 aims to do this.
